that was amazing you guys should have
seen it
Oh Terry was so scared and Mick and the
lawyers they were just they were pissed
yeah that's super mark and the best part
is they thought you guys gave me the
once-over who did you tell
what who else did you tell about the
raid
well I had to tell my secretary guys I'm
the head of the props bio products
division I you know she has to know
where to get in touch with me I told her
months ago so all I said was Liz I'm
doing some work with the FBI
I might be out of touch for a while
that's it
she had no idea about our case I'm
pretty sure I've mentioned the name
Cathy Doherty a time or two she is a
trusted ally man I didn't want her to be
scared I trust her guys we can trust
Cathy who else don't Jack is around mark
hmm Kirk Schmidt Schmidty